Intro:
You're awake?
Oh, thank God you're awake!
--------------------I thougth I was going to die here...
You've been cold for days, we... we though you were a goner.

You hit your head pretty hard when we crashed and you might have
forgotten things.
I know you're confused but right now you'll have to trust me.
You have in you a device that allows you to travel to another dimension.
In that dimension your path will be easier.
Try to use it now to pass through the door.


Well done.
But now listen to me closely.
That power is crutial for us to get out of here alive.
However it might leads us to perdition as well.
It is crutial that you use it as little as possible.
Or we will both die here.


Right now we... I mean, you... will have to repair the air filters.
You have to go to the storage to get two new fuses.
Its at the right of the infirmary.

If there is only one, you will have to find the other.
The device might help.
Anyway, take them to the Air filters and place them in the machines.


Well done, looks like we might survive this.
But lets not get carried away, there is still a lot to fix.
We need to access the escape pods to get out of this hellhole.
But I'm stuck in the cargo hold.
That means you'll have to do the hard work.
I'll guide you through it.

Right next step... let me see...
We need to unlock the hatch to the second level.
The keys are on the Captain's cabin.

Dammit!
It's locked...
It's okay.
I've written the number on the 1st level rooms.
You can see them on the other dimension.
The first one is on the Laboratory.
The second on the Bridge.
And the third.... Vilkar Ulvik Ractungar...

You did it!
You bloody did it!
Dammit...
Alright.
I think you should know the hole truth now, before you descent.
We were here in a research expedition as I hope you remember.
A few days ago we found that device you're using.
We never seen this kind of techonlogy.
To travel to another dimension...
It was surreal.
Unfortunatly we only understood the price of this discovery too late.
While using it we brought something else from the other dimension.
Something terrifiyng.
An abomination.
It attacked the rest of the crew and made us crash into the rocks.
Some runned to the escape pods, others tried to save the ship.
I got stuck here on the cargo hold.
And now, we are all that is left...
But we are not alone...
That's... that's why you can't use that device too much.
That thing... it feeds on its power.
I haven't hear it since yesterday, so that give us a small window of opportunity.
But if you use that power too much... it will know.
It will know we're still alive.
So please don't seal our fate.
Go to the stairs and we will figure out the next steps.